When everything falls apart, and when everything around you is chaotic, the one thing you have is your relationship with Jehovah.
My name is Bati Michael Dugbeck. I was born in Monrovia, Liberia, in 1980.
Growing up in Monrovia before the war was an amazing time.
I had wonderful parents, we grew up in a nice house, and we went to a great school.
When I was nine years old, everything changed overnight.
There was reports of rebels trying to take over the government.
Those reports alone made people panic.
Businesses started to close down. Services were shut down.
The lights, the power, the water, everything stopped.
The next few years were really unstable. In 1996, things again fell apart completely.
It was all out war. This time the rebels were in the city.
There was a lot of looting going on.
There was a lot of shooting.
The rebels were known for torture. If people would not agree to fight with them.
In a situation like that, there's a lot of fear. There's a lot of panic.
And when your fear levels rises, the best way to deal with it is prayer.
Prayer to Jehovah, asking him specifically for directions on what to do next.
As the fighting escalated and it got closer to where we lived, it was no longer safe.
We had to flee and we ended up at the branch office.
The brothers were very loving. They took really good care of us.
Our spiritual activities, they made sure we kept up with that.
Looking back, I'm very grateful to have survived.
Two things helped us get through.
Number one, our relationship with Jehovah.
That's the only thing that keeps you stable.
But then also we were able to survive because of the help from the brothers and sisters.
Those moments of trial, that's when you really realize how much you need the brotherhood.
I have a lot of joy in my assignment at Beffa with audio video services.
I love the brothers and sisters that I work with.
It's all thanks to Jehovah that I'm alive and I get to serve him every day.